Fix #908 (#998)
catalystneuro/neuroconv: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes
* Fixed the default naming of multiple electrical series in the `SpikeGLXConverterPipe`. [PR #957](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/957)
* Write new properties to the electrode table use the global identifier channel_name, group [PR #984](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/984)

> * Fixed a check in `_configure_beckend` on neurodata_object ndx_events.Events to work only when nex-events==0.2.0 is used. [PR #998](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/998)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a check in `_configure_backend` on neurodata_object ndx_events.Events to work only when ndx-events==0.2.0 is used. [PR #998](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/998)
```
